(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Or you need an ID for everything else,
including just recently to prove that you were
vaccinated.
The same people who are demanding that you
have a vaccine passport are the same ones
saying you need no ID to vote.
Same people.
Right, but like...
So it's obviously hypocritical and inconsistent.
So you really think it's just to get
more voters?
If you want to understand behavior, you have
to look at the incentives.
So once the Democratic Party in the US
and the left in Europe realized that if
you have open borders and you provide a
ton of government handouts, which creates a massive
financial incentive for people from other countries to
come to your country, and you don't prosecute
them for crime, they're going to be beholden
to you, and they will vote for you.